id	article	highlights
92c514c913c0bdfe25341af9fd72b29db544099b	Ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller? With increasing numbers of people taking to the skies, some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk. They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it's putting our health and safety in danger. More than squabbling over the arm rest, shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger? This week, a U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans. 'In a world where animals have more rights to space and food than humans,' said Charlie Leocha, consumer representative on the committee. 'It is time that the DOT and FAA take a stand for humane treatment of passengers.' But could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers, crashing elbows and seat back kicking? Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased . Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches . Cynthia Corbertt, a human factors researcher with the Federal Aviation Administration, that it conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane. But these tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats, a standard which on some airlines has decreased, reported the Detroit News. The distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch. While most airlines stick to a pitch of 31 inches or above, some fall below this. While United Airlines has 30 inches of space, Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches, Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches. British Airways has a seat pitch of 31 inches, while easyJet has 29 inches, Thomson's short haul seat pitch is 28 inches, and Virgin Atlantic's is 30-31.	"Experts question if  packed out planes are putting passengers at risk .
U.S consumer advisory group says minimum space must be stipulated .
Safety tests conducted on planes with more leg room than airlines offer ."
2003841c7dc0e7c5b1a248f9cd536d727f27a45a	A drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions' enclosure at a zoo in western India. Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'. Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' against the predators. Next level drunk: Intoxicated Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!' Mr Kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions, surprising zoo security. The intoxicated teenager ran towards the lions, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' A zoo spokesman said: 'Guards had earlier spotted him close to the enclosure but had no idea he was planing to enter it. 'Fortunately, there are eight moats to cross before getting to where the lions usually are and he fell into the second one, allowing guards to catch up with him and take him out. 'We then handed him over to the police.' Brave fool: Fortunately, Mr Kumar  fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff before reaching the animals (stock image) Kumar later explained: 'I don't really know why I did it. 'I was drunk and thought I'd stand a good chance.' A police spokesman said: 'He has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation. 'Fortunately for him, the lions were asleep and the zoo guards acted quickly enough to prevent a tragedy similar to that in Delhi.' Last year a 20-year-old man was mauled to death by a tiger in the Indian capital after climbing into its enclosure at the city zoo.	"Drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west India .
Rahul Kumar, 17, ran towards animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!'
Fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued ."
91b7d2311527f5c2b63a65ca98d21d9c92485149	Dougie Freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two-year deal to remain at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since he replaced cult hero Stuart Pearce and the club's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the City Ground. Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new deal at Nottingham Forest . Freedman has impressed at the City Ground since replacing Stuart Pearce in February . They made an audacious attempt on the play-off places when Freedman replaced Pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks. That has not prevented Forest's ownership making moves to secure Freedman on a contract for the next two seasons.	"Nottingham Forest are close to extending Dougie Freedman's contract .
The Forest boss took over from former manager Stuart Pearce in February .
Freedman has since lead the club to ninth in the Championship ."
caabf9cbdf96eb1410295a673e953d304391bfbb	Liverpool target Neto is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain as Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land the Fiorentina goalkeeper, according to the Brazilian's agent Stefano Castagna. The Reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires in June, earlier in the season when Simon Mignolet was dropped from the side. A January move for Neto never materialised but the former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer. Neto rushes from his goal as Juan Iturbe bears down on him during Fiorentina's clash with Roma in March . Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs including Liverpool and PSG, according to his agent . It had been reported that Neto had a verbal agreement to join Serie A champions Juventus at the end of the season but his agent has revealed no decision about his future has been made yet. And Castagna claims Neto will have his pick of top European clubs when the transfer window re-opens in the summer, including Brendan Rodgers' side. 'There are many European clubs interested in Neto, such as for example Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain,' Stefano Castagna is quoted as saying by Gazzetta TV. Firoentina goalkeeper Neto saves at the feet of Tottenham midfielder Nacer Chadli in the Europa League . 'In Spain too there are clubs at the very top level who are tracking him. Real Madrid? We'll see. 'We have not made a definitive decision, but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere.' Neto, who represented Brazil at the London 2012 Olympics but has not featured for the senior side, was warned against joining a club as a No 2 by national coach Dunga. Neto joined Fiorentina from Atletico Paranaense in 2011 and established himself as No1 in the last two seasons.	"Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto has been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal .
Neto joined Firoentina from Brazilian outfit Atletico Paranaense in 2011 .
He is also wanted by PSG and Spanish clubs, according to his agent .
CLICK HERE for the latest Liverpool news ."
3da746a7d9afcaa659088c8366ef6347fe6b53ea	Bruce Jenner will break his silence in a two-hour interview with Diane Sawyer later this month. The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24, ABC News announced on Monday. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. And while the Kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will not be stealing Bruce's spotlight because they will be in Armenia when the interview airs, according to TMZ. Scroll down for video . Speaking out: Bruce Jenner, pictured on 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' will speak out in a 'far-ranging' interview with Diane Sawyer later this month, ABC News announced on Monday . Return: Diane Sawyer, who recently mourned the loss of her husband, will return to ABC for the interview . Rumors started swirling around Jenner's gender identity last year, when he emerged from a Beverly Hills clinic with his Adam's apple shaved down. His behavior over the past year also fueled speculation as he began embracing an increasingly female appearance, including growing out his hair, shaving his legs and painting his nails, while reportedly undergoing hormone therapy. He also split from with his wife of more than two decades, Kris Jenner, with whom he has two daughters, Kyle and Kendall. She filed for divorce in September 2014, citing 'irreconcilable differences'. Reports also emerged over the past week that he has received a breast enhancement. 'Bruce had silicone breast implants put in a few weeks ago,' a source told RadarOnline. 'He went with a smaller implant because he didn't want to look ridiculous.' On Sunday, he was seen walking to his car in Malibu but hid his body beneath a bulky sweatshirt. Out and about: Jenner was pictured walking back to his car in Malibu on the weekend and hiding beneath a large sweatshirt on Sunday, days after reports that he had undergone a breast enhancement . Hiding: He also apparently had painted his nails red when he was seen walking on Sunday . According to Radar, Jenner wants to have all surgeries completed in time to make his on-screen debut as a woman on the fall season of 'Dancing with the Stars'. Jenner is also rumored to be filming a spin-off docu-series about the transition on E!, although his reps have refused to confirm the claims. While Jenner himself has remained silent about his reported transition, some of his relatives, including step-daughter Kim Kardashian, have spoken about about his 'journey'. 'I guess I'll kind of let everyone be curious and I feel like that's his journey to talk about,' Kim recently told Entertainment Tonight. 'I will say that I think Bruce should tell his story his way. I think everyone goes through things in life and I think that story and what Bruce is going through, I think he'll share whenever the time is right.' Jenner, who won gold in the decathlon at the 1976 Olympics, also made headlines earlier this year for his involvement in a deadly car crash in Malibu. Deadly: In February, Jenner's vehicle, which was pulling a trailer and an ATV (seen right) rear-ended a woman's car (left) and pushed it into the lane of an oncoming Hummer. She died at the scene . By his side: Bruce, pictured with his ex-wife Kris Jenner and four of his step-children (from left) Rob, Kim, Kourtney and Khloe, has received support from his family. Kris filed for divorce from him last year . His Cadillac Escalade, which was pulling a trailer and off-road vehicle, plowed into the back of a Lexus and pushed it into the path of an oncoming Hummer on February 7. The Lexus was carrying 69-year-old Kim Howe, who died from chest trauma at the scene. Police sources say Jenner is unlikely to be prosecuted because he wasn't drinking, speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash. His tell-all interview will also be one of Sawyer's first forays back to TV news following the death of her husband, acclaimed director Mike Nichols, following a heart attack last November. Last September, she left the anchor chair of ABC World News and announced that she planned to focus on specials. In February, she presented 'A Nation of Women Behind Bars', in which she went to prisons across the country to speak with female inmates.	"Tell-all interview with the reality TV star, 69, will air on Friday April 24 .
It comes amid continuing speculation about his transition to a woman and following his involvement in a deadly car crash in February .
The interview will also be one of Diane Sawyer's first appearances on television following the sudden death of her husband last year ."
5ed5e3fbd235a8046cd3b87f4a1aa51b856c8ec3	This is the moment that a crew of firefighters struggled to haul a giant  pig out of a garden swimming pool. The prize porker, known  as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in an upmarket neighbourhood in Ringwood, Hampshire. His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. A team from Dorset Fire and Rescue struggled to haul the huge black pig out of swimming pool water . The prize porker known as Pigwig had fallen into the water and had then been unable to get out again . Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool. A spokesman for Dorset Fire and Rescue Service said: 'At 4.50pm yesterday the service received a call to a pig stuck in a swimming pool. 'One crew of firefighters from Ferndown and a specialist animal rescue unit from Poole were mobilised to this incident. 'Once in attendance the crew secured the pig with strops, and requested the attendance of another appliance which was mobilised from Ringwood by our colleagues in Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service. Firefighters were also called out to a horse which had fallen into a swimming pool in Heyshott, West Sussex . The exhausted animal had to be winched to using an all-terrain crane but appeared no worse for wear after its tumble . 'The crew rescued the pig from the swimming pool using specialist animal rescue slide boards, strops and lines to haul the pig from the swimming pool.' But Pigwig wasn't the only animal who needed rescuing after taking an unexpected swim . Crews in West Sussex were called out to a swimming pool where this time a horse had fallen in. Wet and very bedraggled, the exhausted animal put up no opposition when firefighters arrived to hoist her out of the small garden pool in Heyshott. The two-hour rescue operation ended with the wayward horse being fitted with straps under her belly and lifted up into the air with an all-terrain crane before being swung around and deposited back on dry land. A fire brigade spokesman said that she appeared none the worse for her impromptu swim after stepping over the edge of the domestic pool.	"Giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in Ringwood, Hampshire .
It took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water .
A wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in Sussex ."
6394f51b120ceb3da5e7b53dd5167fc4cf80b514	The amount of time people spend listening to BBC radio has dropped to its lowest level ever, the corporation’s boss has admitted. Figures show that while millions still tune in, they listen for much shorter bursts. The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in the last three months of 2014, according to official figures. The length of time people spend listening to BBC radio has dropped to its lowest level ever, figures show . This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week. The minutes of the BBC Trust’s February meeting, published yesterday, revealed that director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall. ‘He noted…that time spent listening to BBC radio had dropped to its lowest ever level,’ the documents said. Sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives than in the past, and a change in habits amongst young people. Lord Tony Hall, BBC director general, highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust, according to minutes of its February meeting . Many people who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as Spotify for their music fix. That problem is likely to grow, as Apple develops its long-rumoured streaming service. A BBC spokesman said: ‘The number of people listening to BBC radio stations and audience appreciation levels are as high as ever. ‘But time spent listening has inevitably been affected by digital competition and as people ‘tune in’ in new, digital ways. ‘[Those ways] aren’t reflected in the traditional listening figures quoted here – like watching videos from radio shows or listening to podcasts.’ BBC radio is still reaching 65 per cent of the population each week, according to the last set of figures available from RAJAR, the organisation which measures radio audiences. But although that figure feels relatively healthy by today’s standards, it has none the less fallen by more over the last decade. In the final three months of 2004, 66 per cent of people in Britain listened to BBC network radio every week. Lord Hall also used the BBC Trust meeting to note the strong performance of BBC Radio 6, the digital music station which the Corporation had at one point been planning to scrap. ‘He reported that the recent RAJAR figures showed that 6Music had become the first digital-only station to reach two million listeners,’ the minutes said. Earlier this month, Matthew Postgate, the BBC’s chief technology officer, said the Corporation would adopt a new ‘digital first’ strategy, to help it target a new generation of users. He said the organisation needed to ‘learn lessons’ if they want to ‘compete with organisations that were born in the digital age’.	"Figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for shorter bursts .
Average listener spent ten hours a week tuning in last three months of 2014 .
This was 14% down on decade earlier, when people tuned in for 11.6 hours .
The BBC Trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the World News channel in a product placement experiment. For example, publishers could pay to have their books reviewed on Talking Books. The BBC Trust will review the scheme in a year."
98be9b2d558c17df8a13597195957a7c8587ddcd	(CNN)So, you'd like a "Full House" reunion and spinoff? You got it, dude! Co-star John Stamos announced Monday night on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House." The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. "It's sort of a role reversal, and we turn the house over to her," Stamos told Kimmel. Jodie Sweetin, who played Stephanie Tanner in the original series, and Andrea Barber, who portrayed D.J.'s best friend Kimmy Gibbler, will both return for the new series, Netflix said. Stamos will produce and guest star. Talks with co-starsBob Saget, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Dave Coulier and Lori Loughlin are ongoing, Netflix said. The show will be available next year, Netflix said. "As big fans of the original Full House, we are thrilled to be able to introduce Fuller House's new narrative to existing fans worldwide, who grew up on the original, as well as a new generation of global viewers that have grown up with the Tanners in syndication,"  Netflix Vice President of Original Content Cindy Holland said in a statement. The show starts with Tanner -- now named Tanner-Fuller (get it ... Fuller?) -- pregnant, recently widowed and living in San Francisco. Her younger sister Stephanie -- now an aspiring musician -- and her lifelong best friend and fellow single mom, Kimmy, move in to help her care for her two boys and the new baby. On Monday, Barber tweeted Cameron Bure to ask whether she was ready to resume their onscreen friendship. "We never stopped," Cameron Bure tweeted back. Fans were over the moon at the news.	"Show will return with a one-hour special, followed by spinoff, star John Stamos says .
He announced the show Monday night on ""Jimmy Kimmel Live"""
57f68638739c3a1de8d9922b389d6ded39977012	At 11:20pm, former world champion Ken Doherty potted a final black and extinguished, for now, the dream of Reanne Evans to become the first women player to play the hallowed baize of Sheffield's Crucible Theatre in the world snooker championship. In every other respect however, 29-year-old Evans, a single mum from Dudley, was a winner on Thursday night. She advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave Doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match that won't be bettered in this year's qualifying tournament. Snooker's governing body had been criticised in some quarters for allowing Evans a wild card to compete alongside 127 male players for the right to play in the sport's blue-chip event on April 18 - something no female had achieved. Reanne Evans shakes hands with Ken Doherty following his 10-8 victory at Ponds Forge . Evans plays a shot during her world championship qualifying match against Doherty . Doherty, who won the World Championship title back in 1997, took out the first frame 71-15 . Evans had Doherty in all sorts of trouble before the former champion closed out the game 10-8 . Those critics and the bookies who made Doherty a ridiculously short-priced 20/1 on favourite were made to look foolish as Evans had her illustrious opponent on the ropes before finally bowing out 10-8. A gracious Doherty admitted afterwards: 'She played out of her skin. It was good match play snooker and tough all the way through. There was a lot of pressure on this match, a different kind of pressure to what I've ever experienced. 'I don't usually feel sympathy for my opponents but I felt sorry at the end. She played better than me and lost. I don't know how I won that final frame. If it had gone to 9-9, I'd have been a million-to-one to win it.' Evans, cheered on by her eight-year-old daughter Lauren at the Ponds Forge sports centre in Sheffield, admitted she was exhausted after a match of unfamiliar intensity for her. A 10-time ladies' champion, Evans had led twice during the opening session before Doherty went 5-4 in front . The 10-time ladies world champion collected just £400 as prize money for winning the title in 2013, and this was a completely different environment against a player who beat Stephen Hendry to be crowned the best player in the world in 1997. 'It was a struggle. With the experience Ken had, I just had to dig in,' she said. 'Ken had little runs when he needed it but I could tell he was under pressure. Some of the balls were wobbling in from the first frame. I just couldn't take advantage in the end. 'I can play better than I did so there is no reason I can't return and beat Ken or even players above him. I have the women's game on my shoulders. I just hope I get some help and am allowed to play in more big tournaments to give me experience. 'Next week, I will playing the ladies in the club again. It's a lovely club don't get me wrong but I don't think many ladies could give Ken a game. I think I would have won if I'd taken it to 9-9.' The presence of television crews and snooker star Ronnie O'Sullivan underlined what a big story Evans' participation was. Evans eyes up her move during an enthralling game with Doherty in Sheffield . She lost the first frame convincingly but the nerves didn't show after that. She reeled off three frames in a row, led 4-3 and once Doherty went in front, pegged him back to 5-5 and 6-6. The Irishman, now ranked No 46 in the world, started to look his 45 years. He sat down at every opportunity while Evans often stood while he played. She had the confidence to play right-handed or left-handed, as O'Sullivan sometimes does. The key frame was the sixteenth. It lasted 45 minutes with Evans rattling off the first 59 points and Doherty the next 74. It took Doherty to a 9-7 lead but Evans came roaring back in the next frame. He needed a snooker to avoid the match going into a final frame – and he got it. Doherty, now ranked No 46 in the world, showed his experience to close out the contest . He has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the Crucible but it's doubtful he will face a tougher opponent. 'They should let her play in more competitions,' he added. Evans should certainly use this match to become a leading ambassador for women's sport. Her purple and silver waistcoats drew admiring glances from the swimmers and trampolinists who turned up at the leisure centre as normal as she walked through reception to the basketball hall, where 10 snooker tables had been set up. Next time they will know exactly who she is, and what she can do.	"Reanne Evans faced Ken Doherty in World Championship qualifier .
Doherty won the world championship in 1997 .
Evans lost the first frame 71-15 against Doherty .
But the Dudley native fought back to lead 4-3 .
Ken Doherty, however, managed to close out an enthralling contest 10-8 ."
20778c35c19d741cc182719de336d71e1a0b228e	A gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls. The offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire. Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them. The men were found guilty in March and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail. Jailed: Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21 (left) was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment. Mohamed Saleh, 22, (right) was imprisoned for four years and nine months . The girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang  at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, known as 'Fiddy'. One child described the parties as 'a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets'. The victims, who were described in court as 'emotionally immature' were abused from 2009 to 2014. Sentencing Hassan-Sule and the others in a court packed with friends and relatives of the defendants and victims yesterday, Judge Zoe Smith said: 'You put on charity events to raise money for your football club. 'This raised your profile among young people in Banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity. 'Your friends helped put on these events and you became a sexually promiscuous group, not with your own girlfriends, but with girls who were young, vulnerable and lacking in maturity.' The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence, who accused the girls of coming forward because 'it's better to be a victim than a slag'. Behind bars: Kagiso Manase, 26, (left) was jailed for four years and Said Saleh, 20, (right) was sentenced to four years' detention in a Young Offenders Institute . One of the victims told the Oxford Mail: 'When I used to go missing I would swear at my mum and I didn't realise I was being really nasty to her. The men put me against my family – it was really clever. When I started hanging around with them I felt important. 'I had no friends and they were the only people left to talk to. It was a big part of my life and I was scared. I felt like all my friends were making new memories and I wasn't part of them. 'Calling people "slags" as the defence did in this case stops other girls from coming forward. I would say to other girls to think about the future. I never wanted to do it. I never wanted to have sex with them but I thought that's what friends did.' Thames Valley Police launched Operation Reportage after receiving a tip-off about the men's activities and eventually tracked down numerous teenager girls who had been molested. Detective Inspector Steve Raffield from Banbury Force CID said: 'This result would not have been possible without the bravery of the victims. 'I would like to thank them for coming forward and giving evidence in this case. As in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today. 'As a result young people will be safeguarded while these men will have time to reflect upon their actions in prison.' Convicted: Takudzwa Hova, 21, (left) was sentenced to six years' imprisonment, while Zsolt Szalontai, 18, (right) was sentenced to three years' detention in a Young Offenders' Institute after being found guilty of rape . Justice: The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence at Oxford Crown Court (pictured), who accused the girls of coming forward because 'it's better to be a victim than a slag' Those jailed on Friday afternoon at Oxford Crown Court were: Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21, of Banbury, who was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of assault by penetration. He was sentenced to nine years' imprisonment. Mohamed Saleh, 22, of Banbury, was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child. He was sentenced to four years and nine months' imprisonment. Said Saleh, 20, from Banbury, was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child. He was sentenced to four years' detention in a Young Offenders Institute. Takudzwa Hova, 21, of Banbury, was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of rape. He was sentenced to six years' imprisonment. Kagiso Manase, 26, of Banbury, was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child, two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of sexual assault. He was sentenced to four years' imprisonment. Manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent. The offence related to being found in possession or control of a false South African passport and UK residence permit. He was sentenced to one year imprisonment to run consecutively. Zsolt Szalontai, 18, of Banbury, was found guilty of one count of rape. He was sentenced to three years' detention in a Young Offenders' Institute.	"Gang have been jailed for a total of 31 years for sexually abusing children .
Offences happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury .
Lured victims to parties organised on social media and then abused them .
Girls aged between 13 and 16 were exploited by the gang from 2009 to 2014 ."
61a24035b8cae4ee5fab3e79b4409c33e5259565	Biting his nails nervously, these are the first pictures of the migrant boat captain accused of killing 900 men, women and children in one of the worst maritime disasters since World War Two. Tunisian skipper Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night, some 24 hours after his  boat capsized in the Mediterranean. Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, however, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta. He was later charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue. As a result of the collision, the migrants shifted position on the boat, which was already off balance, causing it to overturn. Scroll down for videos . Nervous: Tunisian boat captain Mohammed Ali Malek (centre) bites his nails as he waits to disembark an Italian coastguard ship before being arrested over the deaths of 950 migrants who died when his ship sank . 'Killer': Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night some 24 hours after his overcrowded boat capsized in the Mediterranean. He has been charged with multiple manslaughter . In the dock: Malek affords a smile alongside his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old Syrian crew member named Mahmud Bikhit, who was also arrested and charged with 'favouring illegal immigration' A police handout showing Mohammed Ali Malek (left) and Mahmud Bikhit (right) after their arrest in Malta . Malek was also pictured with his alleged smuggler accomplice, a 26-year-old Syrian crew member named Mahmud Bikhit, who charged with 'aiding illegal immigration. Both men were to be put before a judge later today. Catania prosecutor Giovanni Salvi's office stressed that none of the crew aboard the Portuguese-flagged King Jacob is under investigation in the disaster. He said the crew members did their job in coming to the rescue of a ship in distress and that their activities 'in no way contributed to the deadly event.' Meanwhile, the survivors were brought to a migrant holding center in Catania and were 'very tired, very shocked, silent,' according to Flavio Di Giacomo of the International Organization for Migration. Most of the survivors and the victims appear to have been young men but there were also several children aged between 10 and 12, she added. 'We have not yet been able to ask them about this but it seems certain that many of them will have had friends and family who were lost in the wreck.' Deep in thought: Malek stares in space while waiting to leave the rescue vessel. Survivors told how women and children died 'like rats in a cage' after being locked into the boat's hold by callous traffickers in Libya . They told yesterday how women and children died 'like rats in a cage' after being locked into the boat's hold by callous traffickers in Libya. Some resorted to clinging to their floating corpses until Italian and Maltese coastguards came to rescue them in the dead of the night. The coast guard, meanwhile, reported that it saved some 638 migrants in six different rescue operations on Monday alone. On Tuesday, a further 446 people were rescued from a leaking migrant ship about 80 miles (130 kilometers) south of the Calabrian coast. At talks in Luxembourg on Monday, EU ministers agreed on a 10-point plan to double the resources available to maritime border patrol mission Triton and further measures will be discussed at a summit of EU leaders on Thursday. Victims: Malek watches some of the bodies being taken off the rescue ship for burial in Malta . Grim: Survivors said they resorted to clinging to floating corpses until coastguards came to their rescue . Relaxed: Malek grins on the desk of the Italian coastguard ship next to some of the migrant survivors . Critics say Triton is woefully inadequate and are demanding the restoration of a much bigger Italian operation suspended last year because of cost constraints. The survivors, who hailed from Mali, Gambia, Senegal, Somalia, Eritrea and Bangladesh, were all recovering Tuesday at holding centres near Catania on Sicily's eastern coast. Sunday's disaster was the worst in a series of migrant shipwrecks that have claimed more than 1,700 lives this year - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 - and nearly 5,000 since the start of last year. In that time nearly 200,000 migrants have made it to Italy, mostly after being rescued at sea by the Italian navy and coastguard. Italian officials believe there could be up to one million more would-be immigrants to Europe waiting to board boats in conflict-torn Libya. Many of them are refugees from Syria's civil war or persecution in places like Eritrea. Others are seeking to escape poverty and hunger in Africa and south Asia and secure a better future in Europe. Meanwhile, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott urged the EU to introduce tough measures to stop migrants attempting to make the perilous sea voyage from North Africa to Europe. Mr Abbott, whose conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach Australia, said it was the only way to stop deaths. Hardline: Tony Abbott, whose conservative government introduced a military-led operation to turn back boats carrying asylum-seekers before they reach Australia, said harsh measures are the only way to stop deaths . Haunted: Surviving immigrants who escaped the boat that capsized in the Mediterranean Sea killing up to 900 people appear deep in thought as they arrive in the Sicilian port city of Catania this morning . While Mr Abbott's controversial policy has proved successful, with the nation going nearly 18 months with virtually no asylum-seeker boat arrivals and no reported deaths at sea, human rights advocates say it violates Australia's international obligations. His comments came as EU foreign and interior ministers met in Luxembourg to discuss ways to stem the flood of people trying to reach Europe. Outlining his views on preventing the deaths of migrants in the Mediterranean Sea, Mr Abbott told reporters: 'We have got hundreds, maybe thousands of people drowning in the attempts to get from Africa to Europe.' The 'only way you can stop the deaths is in fact to stop the boats', he added. Yesterday, the Maltese Prime Minister declared a crisis, calling for EU countries to reinstate rescue operations. He warned: 'A time will come when Europe will be judged harshly for its inaction when it turned a blind eye to genocide. 'We have what is fast becoming a failed state on our doorsteps and criminal gangs are enjoying a heyday.' He estimated smugglers behind the doomed voyage from Libya to Europe would have made between €1million and €5million from selling desperate refugees spaces on the boat.	"Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, has been charged with multiple manslaughter .
Arrived in Malta on Italian rescue ship with bodies of 24 migrant victims .
He was arrested alongside his 26-year-old Syrian 'smuggler accomplice'
Prosecutors say Malek crashed into ship which had come to its rescue .
Migrants then shifted position as result of collision, causing it to capsize ."
f8179711ef608df3b003b001441eb68495f38d17	South Korea Ambassador Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from last month's knife attack. Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. Scroll down for video . South Korea Ambassador Lippert is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand (pictured) while he recovers from last month's knife attack . Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. Pictured: Lippert pictured with the brace with his wife and young baby . The brace was created by Seoul’s Severance Hospital and Lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it. 'It is an amazing apparatus, one I haven't seen before - so innovative and creative,' he wrote on Facebook. 'It is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as I am able to hold things in my hand. 'It is very comfortable and has made a huge difference in my recovery as I am able to hold things in my hand. He added: 'This is of particular importance when I am walking Grigsby, as I often need two hands to manage [his dog] Grigsby,' he said . Lippert has posted several photos on Facebook of him using the device in South Korea . He added: 'This is of particular importance when I am walking Grigsby, as I often need two hands to manage [his dog] Grigsby!' Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged the man who injured Lippert with attempted murder on Wednesday - despite his denials of any intention to kill. Last week South Korean prosecutors formally charged Kim Ki-Jong with attempted murder . The prosecutors' office in Seoul said Kim, was charged with attempted murder, violence against a foreign envoy and obstruction of duty. Kim, 55, was a known maverick activist who had been handed a two-year suspended sentence in 2010 for hurling a rock at the then Japanese ambassador to Seoul. He has denied any intention to kill Lippert, but the prosecutors office said in a statement that the crime was clearly deliberate. 'There was an intention to murder because (Kim) used a lethal weapon in a pre-meditated crime to attack the ambassador's face and neck repeatedly,' it said. Kim has told investigators the ambassador was the 'symbolic' target of his opposition to annual US-South Korea joint military exercises, which he blames for blocking dialogue with North Korea. The annual drills have long been condemned by Pyongyang as rehearsals for invasion. Kim insisted he had acted alone and not on the orders of Pyongyang, but prosecutors said they were looking into whether he has violated the South's strict National Security Law banning any act seen as aiding North Korea or promoting its ideology. Investigators have ransacked Kim's home as part of an investigation into Kim's possible links with North Korea. Kim had visited the North seven times and once tried to erect a memorial in Seoul to the late North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il after his death in 2011. North Korea has rejected accusations that it may have been behind the attack as a 'vicious' smear campaign by Seoul. U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert leaves after he was slashed in the face by an assailant at a public forum in central Seoul on March 5 .	"Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong in central Seoul last month .
'It is an amazing apparatus, one I haven't seen before - so innovative and creative,' he wrote on Facebook ."
67f7110c19df40e51f2a6ba92ad77356e510a4fb	England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. England captain Alastair Cook completed a century on the second morning of England's opening tour match . A controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings and in the following over he punched the ball for two off the back foot. He offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner Gary Ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries. That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease, with batting time more important to the tourists than attempting to force a result in this two-day fixture. Ian Bell plays to the offside during day two of the St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI versus England tour match .	"Alastair Cook completed his century on the second morning of action .
England captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring .
That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat ."
391b4610e3a9dcefd61e428155cc5afb2683124c	(CNN)Warren Weinstein, who appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda, was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. But it didn't have to be that way. A senior U.S. official familiar with the handling of the issue told CNN that the U.S. government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old development expert's release, either directly to al Qaeda or through proxies in Pakistan. Another senior U.S. official told CNN that Weinstein's capture by al Qaeda made it hard for the United States to negotiate, even though proxies such as the Pakistani government have links to intermediaries who might have helped. A senior Pakistani official told CNN that after Weinstein was kidnapped, the Pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant Haqqani Network and to the Pakistani Taliban, which are both allied to al Qaeda, to see if these groups might be able to initiate some kind of negotiation about Weinstein. According to the official, nothing came of those feelers. The senior Pakistani official says that during the past year Pakistani soldiers, who were part of a military offensive in the tribal area of North Waziristan near the Afghan-Pakistan border where Weinstein was believed to be being held, went door-to-door looking for the American. Nothing came of this search either. On Thursday, the U.S. government announced that Weinstein had been killed in a "counterterrorism operation" in January, which is how the government often describes CIA drone strikes. According to New America, which tracks drone strikes in Pakistan, CIA drone attacks happened in Shawal, North Waziristan, on January 19 in which at least four militants were killed; also on January 15 in Tehsil Ladha, South Waziristan, in which at least five militants were killed; and on January 4 in Datta Khel, South Waziristan, in which at least eight militants were killed. It is in one of these strikes that Weinstein was almost certainly killed. Lt. Col. Jason Amerine, a planner on the U.S. Army staff, is under investigation over a purported unauthorized disclosure to U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter's office, which has demonstrated a strong interest in the fate of American hostages held by al Qaeda and the Taliban. A plan was developed in the Pentagon to secure the release of Weinstein, according to a staff member on Hunter's committee. That plan was to release Haji Bashir Noorzai, a prominent and influential member of the Taliban who is in prison in the States on drug trafficking charges, in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Berghdal, who was held by the Taliban until last year; Taliban hostages Caitlin Coleman, a U.S. citizen, and her husband, Canadian Joshua Boyle; and Dr. Shakil Afridi, who spied for the CIA in Pakistan and was being held in a Pakistani prison, as well as Weinstein. It's not clear how far this plan of action went. Amerine is invoking whistleblower protection and denies making an unauthorized disclosure. Hunter, a California Republican, released a statement Thursday, saying, "The only government organization seriously developing options to recover Weinstein and others in the Afghanistan/Pakistan region was within the Pentagon -- led by war hero Jason Amerine." As an Army captain, Amerine led a small detachment of U.S. Special Forces into Afghanistan in November 2001 in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States. The operation was instrumental in helping to topple the Taliban and to install Hamid Karzai as the new leader of Afghanistan. Who exactly carried out Weinstein's kidnapping from his house 3½  years ago in the Pakistani megacity of Lahore has until now not been clear. A senior Pakistani counterterrorism official told CNN that members of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, or IMU, kidnapped Weinstein at his Lahore home on August 13, 2011. IMU is an Uzbek terrorist group headquartered in the tribal regions of Pakistan along its border with Afghanistan. According to the Pakistani official, the leader of the Weinstein kidnapping cell was a relative of Tahir Yuldashev, the former IMU leader killed in a CIA drone strike in the Pakistani tribal regions in 2009. The initial lead that traced the Weinstein kidnapping to the IMU came from another high-profile kidnapping in Pakistan two weeks after Weinstein's abduction. Shahbaz Taseer, the son of a leading Pakistani liberal politician Salman Taseer -- who was killed by Pakistani militants eight months earlier -- was kidnapped in Lahore on August 26, 2011. At the scene of Taseer's kidnapping one of the kidnappers dropped a cell phone and SIM card that eventually led Pakistani officials to focus on the IMU group in Lahore, according to the senior Pakistani counterterrorism official. The police subsequently arrested three Uzbeks and four Pakistanis who were part of the IMU cell that had carried out the Weinstein kidnapping. Members of the IMU cell told Pakistani interrogators that after they had kidnapped Weinstein they moved him while he was tranquilized and semi-conscious among three safe houses in Lahore. IMU members then took Weinstein to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan, a semi-autonomous region along the border with Afghanistan where al Qaeda and other militant groups are headquartered. There Weinstein was given or, more likely, sold to al Qaeda, according to the senior Pakistani official. Who was Warren Weinstein? Weinstein had spent his life helping others, working in the fields of aid and development. He held a doctorate in international law and economics from Columbia University and spoke more than half a dozen languages. After his capture, the leader of al Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, demanded the end of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan and the release of terrorists held in U.S. custody in exchange for Weinstein's freedom. On September 12, 2012, Weinstein appeared in a video produced by al Qaeda's production arm in which he said that the Obama administration had shown "no interest in my case." He then appealed to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from "one Jew to another" to intervene. The Obama administration is in the midst of a review of its hostage policy, which has been criticized by some families whose loved ones have been taken hostage by ISIS, al Qaeda or the Taliban. The key problems these families point to are lack of communication by the U.S. government about their loved ones and a lack of coordination within the government about how best to free them. The CIA, for instance, is focused on drone strikes and counterterrorism operations, while the FBI has responsibility for retrieving American hostages. Often these goals are not in alignment -- as was clearly the case with Weinstein. The CIA could have exercised more due diligence knowing that Weinstein was almost certainly being held in North Waziristan. There are some solutions for these problems. First, families should be granted security clearances by the U.S. government for the purpose of having classified information disclosed to them only about their captive loved ones. Right now, the U.S. government won't communicate much with the families about their loved ones because the relatives don't have the requisite security clearances. Should families abuse their clearances, they would no longer receive classified information about their loved ones, which is a strong incentive not to abuse them. Second, President Barack Obama should appoint a senior-level person, perhaps working in the White House on the National Security Council, to oversee the work of the CIA, FBI, State Department and the Joint Special Operations Command, which implements hostage rescues. All these organizations have key roles to play in getting American hostages home. That person must be sufficiently senior so he or she can make all the relevant agencies play well together and "de-conflict" any potential issues, such as the ones that surfaced in the Weinstein case. Third, while the U.S. government position is that it will not make concessions to terrorist groups, there is nothing in American policy to prevent another government from negotiating with terrorists to secure the release of U.S. citizens, and this should be encouraged, even if there is some quid pro quo involved. This is what happened in the case of the American journalist Peter Theo Curtis, who was captured by al Qaeda's affiliate in Syria in 2012, but was released last year after the Qatari government intervened in his case. The Qataris have had longstanding ties to the militant groups in Syria, including the al Qaeda affiliate holding Curtis, and while Qatari officials have denied paying ransom to free Curtis, it's unlikely that the journalist was freed just because the members of al Qaeda holding him were suddenly feeling like good guys. Curtis' successful release could provide a ray of hope for U.S. citizen Caitlin Coleman and her husband, Canadian Joshua Boyle, who were captured by the Taliban in 2012 when they were traveling on a trip through Afghanistan. A senior American official told CNN they are being held by the Haqqani Network. The Pakistani government has contacts with the Haqqani Network, and the U.S. government should ratchet up the pressure on the Pakistani government to secure the couple's release. In captivity, Coleman, who was pregnant at the time she was taken hostage, had a child. The name of the child is unknown.	"U.S. hostage Warren Weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike .
Peter Bergen: U.S. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held ."
f626c6096993940a7e4b124f6ccca0ae984ecdda	A thief nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook'  who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested. Argentinian con-artist Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network, suggesting they meet up for sex. But after meeting her victims, the 21-year-old from Buenos Aires, would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious, before ransacking their homes. Buenos Aires thief Sofia Davila, 21, would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up. When they did, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious . The 21-year-old posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook and flirt with strangers she added on the network. She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . Diego Escalante, from Tigre, Buenos Aires, said he had been robbed after falling victim to the ploy. The 39-year-old said: 'We had been flirting with each other for about two weeks and then she suggested we get together. 'We went to a hotel and had a good time and when she suggested we meet again I didn't think anything was suspicious. 'The next time we met she came to my place and said she'd like to drink her own alcohol and poured me one too. I then began to fill ill and passed out. 'When I woke up my feet and hands were tied and there were two men in my flat taking my TV, stereo and other things.' After carrying out the ruse Davila went to the police station herself to report the robbery - claiming she had been forced to leave the flat by the men, and had been powerless to stop them. The thief has been nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook'. She is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them. Two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes . But a spokesman for the police said they were suspicious, having received numerous calls from men who had been stolen from after they spent the night with a woman they met over the internet . He said: 'The problem with her statement was that we had already received a dozen complaints from other men saying they had been robbed after meeting a woman over Facebook. 'This was the first time the woman had actually shown up herself though, but because she matched the description we already had we decided to hold her for questioning. One of Davila's victims said the pair hit it off at a hotel, and he didn't think have any suspicions when they met up again at his home. He said she drugged him and he woke up with his feet tied and two men stealing his TV . 'As soon as we spoke to the victim we knew she was the woman behind the robberies and it only took a little while before we had a full confession. We also found that the man had been drugged.' Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices. Argentinian news website DiarioVeloz.com said Davila, who worked in PR for a bowling alley, told police she was forced to commit the crimes to pay off her debts to a drug dealer .	"Sofia Davila, 21, nicknamed the 'Black Widow of Facebook' over crimes .
Caught after going to police, claiming she was forced out her victim's flat .
She has admitted bedding and robbing 15 men after spiking their drinks ."
9c6cc6f9b1c273e8c58cd6c0ca574d2aa9bf007b	As Australian Fashion Week comes to a close, a new damning report has named and shamed some of the worst clothing brands sold in Australia and their companies, for the ongoing exploitation of their overseas workers. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies by The 2015 Australian Fashion Report. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia. The 2015 Australian Fashion Report has named and shamed some of the worst Aussie clothing brands and companies for their ongoing exploitation of overseas workers . Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara . It found that only two of the companies could prove they were paying a full living wage to the workers in two of the three production stages of their clothing. None of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage. Unlike a country's legally set minimum wage, a living wage ensures that an employee has enough money to cover the necessities - like food, water, electricity and shelter - and still has a little left over for themselves and their dependants. In some countries like Bangladesh, where the minimum wage is as little as US$68 a month and a living wage is US$104, the difference can be made by paying each worker just an additional 30c per t-shirt. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performers . 'The whole point in our reporting scorecard is if these companies don't have rigours systems in place to mitigate against those risks then you can't be sure that there is no forced labour or child labour in their supply chain,' Gershon Nimbalker, an advocacy manager at Baptist World Aid, said . 'A mere 12 per cent of companies could demonstrate any action towards paying wages above the legal minimum, and even then, only for part of their supply chain,' the report states. 'Furthermore, 91 per cent of companies still don't know where all their cotton comes from and 75 per cent don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs. 'If companies don't know how and where their products are made, then there's no way for them to ensure that their workers are protected.' Uzbekistan for instance, the world's fifth largest exporter of cotton, was notorious for its  child labour policies which saw children as young as 10 forced to work in the fields until the government recently  improved conditions by renouncing the use of child labour 'on a systematic basis'. 'Furthermore, 91 per cent of companies still don't know where all their cotton comes from and 75 per cent don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs,' the report stated . Gershon Nimbalker, an advocacy manager at Baptist World Aid told Daily Mail Australia that part of the motivation behind the report was to shed light on how many of the world's 165 million children involved in child labour were employed by the fashion industry. 'The whole point in our reporting scorecard is if these companies don't have rigours systems in place to mitigate against those risks then you can't be sure that there is no forced labour or child labour in their supply chain,' he said. 'There were 61 assessment criteria that we used to grade the companies that were put together with lots of collaboration with international labour rights organisations. 'We found all the public information available on the companies - public statements, anything online - and compiled and assessed it before sending a copy to the company and asking for feedback or asking them to tell us what we missed. The report comes almost two years after over 1,100 Bangladeshi garment workers died when the Rana Plaza factory collapsed in Bangladesh due to building safety problems . 'We found all the public information available on the companies - public statements, anything online - and compiled and assessed it before sending a copy to the company and asking for feedback or asking them to tell us what we missed. 'The worst grades basically mean that they have very little public information available about what they're doing to protect workers and on top of that that they haven't engaged with our research process. About 75 per cent did engage, but one quarter didn't.' However the report also noted some progress in the industry with companies like Kmart and Cotton On improving their transparency by identifying their suppliers, and H&M, Zara, Country Road and the Sussan Group showing attempts to improve their international worker's pay.	"Australian Fashion Report revealed the Australian-sold brands and companies that ignore the exploitation of their overseas workers .
Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were  some of the worst performers .
Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara had some of the best scores .
75 per cent of companies don't know the source of all their fabrics and inputs ."
